The cashier is not good.
The elephant has a warlord who found us
But why did you expose
Come back alive
Shouldn't you kill yourself after leaving a message on the phone?
I'm coming back to the imperial sister
I didn't reveal any information to them.
You don't need to meet the ninja of Eighth Road anymore.
Must cling to the forest
Please spare my life.
Since those servants didn't kill you
There are geese here, not knives, right?
I think so much, I almost saw blood at the signing meeting
How dare you stop me, leader?
He is the soldier of King Chen Zhao
Spare your life for me
You betrayed me, Dongying man
To kill you and you help him
Douyin will not die
The knife is even more important than life
In fact, your lip column can comment at will.
Isn't that just brainwashing?
Let the people worship your leaders as gods
Feudal superstition
How dare you make fun of our Dongying traditions
Flat body, you will not only sneak attack
You also use women's weapons
Hmm, I know what you practice
What about the Sunflower Collection?
None of your business
Now that you've discovered my identity
Then I have to do it myself
Haha Han darts
What else can you do besides throw things?
A good boy does have two strokes
Qin Shuangxu, this is your last move before you die
But killed this guy with me
Wake-up call for Tokuno